<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"[
    <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/brand.dtd" >
    %brandDTD;
    <!ENTITY % platformDTD SYSTEM "chrome://help/locale/platformStrings.dtd" >
    %platformDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>About Modify Headers</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="chrome://modifyheaders/content/modifyheadersHelp.css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
	    <h3>About Modify Headers</h3>
	    
	    <table>
	        <tr>
	            <td class="label">Created by:</td>
	            <td>Gareth Hunt</td>
	        </tr>
	        <tr>
	            <td class="label">Version:</td>
	            <td>@build.version@</td>
	        </tr>
	        <tr>
	            <td class="label">Homepage:</td>
	            <td><a href="http://modifyheaders.mozdev.org" target="_blank">http://modifyheaders.mozdev.org</a></td>
	        </tr>
            <tr>
                <td class="label">Bugzilla:</td>
                <td><a href="http://modifyheaders.mozdev.org/bugs.html" target="_blank">http://modifyheaders.mozdev.org/bugs.html</a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td class="label">Blog:</td>
                <td><a href="http://www.garethhunt.com/" target="_blank">http://www.garethhunt.com/</a></td>
            </tr>
	    </table>
        
        <p>Many thanks goes to these <a href="chrome://modifyheaders/locale/help/contributors.xhtml">contributors</a>.</p>
	    
        <h3>Release Notes</h3>
        
        <h4>Version 0.6.0</h4>
        <ul>
            <li>Added Import/Export function</li>
            <li>Usability improvements</li>
        </ul>
        
        <h4>Version 0.5.4</h4>
        <ul>
            <li>Fixed <i>Edit Header</i> feature so that the <b>Add, Modify, Filter</b> menulist is changed to the correct value when the <i>Edit</i> button is pressed.</li>
        </ul>
        
        <h4>Version 0.5.3</h4>
        <ul>
            <li>Added support for Firefox 2 (full release)</li>
        </ul>
        
        <h4>Version 0.5.2</h4>
        <ul>
            <li>Added support for Firefox 2 (beta 2), Flock, Nvu and Seamonkey</li>
            <li>Added debug preference - accessible through about:config</li>
            <li>Added list of contributors</li>
        </ul>
        
        <h4>Version 0.5.1</h4>
        <ul>
            <li>Debug mode was left on by accident in 0.5.0.  Turned this off to stop verbose messages.</li>
        </ul>
	    
	    <h4>Version 0.5.0</h4>
	    <ul>
            <li>Implemented Modify Headers service so that requests can be modified when the extension window is closed.</li>
	    	<li>Added 'Always On' preference to the configuration window.</li>
	    	<li>Updated help function to include release notes and roadmap.</li>
	    	<li>Provided compatibility with Firefox v1.5 rc 1.</li>
	    </ul>
	    
		<h4>Version 0.3.1</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Small tweaks to make the extension suitable for update.mozilla.org.</li>
		</ul>
		
		<h4>Version 0.3.0</h4>
		<ul>
			<li>Added help function in separate tab, includes link to bugzilla.</li>
			<li>Fixed bug 9910: scroll bar masks enable/disable indicators.</li>
			<li>Fixed bug 9911: enable all/disable all.</li>
		</ul>
	</body>
</html>